What is the FOSS License Exception?
This Free and Open Source Software ("FOSS") License Exception allows
developers
of FOSS applications to include InfiniDB's idbhdfs Libraries.  InfiniDB
idbhdfs
Libraries are typically licensed pursuant to version 2 of the General Public
License ("GPL"), but this exception permits distribution of certain InfiniDB
idbhdfs Libraries with a developer’s FOSS applications licensed under the
terms of another FOSS license listed below, even though such other FOSS
license
may be incompatible with the GPL.

The following terms and conditions describe the circumstances under which this
FOSS License Exception applies.

FOSS License Exception Terms and Conditions

1.    Definitions.
"Derivative Work" means a derivative work, as defined under applicable
copyright law, formed entirely from the Program and one or more FOSS
Applications.

"FOSS Application" means a free and open source software application
distributed subject to a license listed in the section below titled "FOSS
License List."

"FOSS Notice" means a notice placed by InfiniDB in a copy of the InfiniDB
idbhdfs Libraries stating that such copy of the InfiniDB idbhdfs Libraries may
be distributed under InfiniDB's FOSS License Exception.

"Independent Work" means portions of the Derivative Work that are not derived
from the Program and can reasonably be considered independent and separate
works.

"Program" means a copy of InfiniDB's idbhdfs Libraries that contains a FOSS
Notice.

2.    A FOSS application developer ("you" or "your") may distribute a
Derivative Work provided that you and the Derivative Work meet all of the
following conditions:

  a.    You obey the GPL in all respects for the Program and all portions
(including modifications) of the Program included in the Derivative Work
(provided that this condition does not apply to Independent Works);
  b.    The Derivative Work does not include any work licensed under the GPL
other than the Program;
  c.    You distribute Independent Works subject to a license listed in the
section below titled "FOSS License List";
  d.    You distribute Independent Works in object code or executable form
with
the complete corresponding machine-readable source code on the same medium and
under the same FOSS license applying to the object code or executable forms;
  e.    All works that are aggregated with the Program or the Derivative Work
on a medium or volume of storage are not derivative works of the Program,
Derivative Work or FOSS Application, and must reasonably be considered
independent and separate works.

3.    InfiniDB reserves all rights not expressly granted in these terms and
conditions. If all of the above conditions are not met, then this FOSS License
Exception does not apply to you or your Derivative Work.


FOSS License List

License Name                        Version(s)/Copyright Date
Apache Software License       1.0/1.1/2.0

